https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1_FTAE7RpYjYaNO6TPYOBCbp97qFQ-gJM?usp=sharing

Download all the folders in the link above - the folder names are ‘Football’ , ‘Footballer , ‘FootballField’ , ‘FootballGoal’ , ‘Keeper’ and ’Trophy’.
Place these folders in the same folder that contains the html file and all other files that were in the zip file from moodle.



Start a local server.
In the HTML File:
- On line 18, change the URL to the URL of the MTLLoader.js from the local server.
- On line 24, change the URL to the URL of the HTML file from the local server.

In the MTLLoader.js file:
- On line 12, change the URL to the URL of the three.module.js file in the local server.




REQ1:
Cube loaded upon opening the html file in a browser, from the local server. Please ensure the file is opened from a local server or else there will be security blocks.

REQ2:
Axes loaded upon opening the html file in a browser, from the local server.

REQ3:
-Press ‘x’ to rotate the cube in X direction
-Press ‘y’ to rotate the cube in Y direction
-Press ‘z’ to rotate the cube in Z direction
-Press ‘r’ to rotate the cube in all directions.
-Press ‘q’ to reset the rotation of the cube.

REQ4:
- press ‘v’ to show cube in vertex rendering mode.
- press ‘e’ to show cube in edge rendering mode.
- press ‘f’ to show cube in face rendering mode.

REQ5:
- press ‘up arrow’ to translate the camera up.
- press ‘down arrow’ to translate the camera down.
- press ‘left arrow’ to translate the camera left.
- press ‘right arrow’ to translate the camera right.
- press ‘w’ to translate the camera forwards.
- press ‘s’ to translate the camera backwards.

REQ6:
Press down on the mouse button and move it to use the orbit controls.

REQ7:
-press ’t’ to show the cube with textures.

REQ8:
-press ‘spacebar’ to load the bunny.
-press ‘b’ to show both the cube and bunny.
-press ‘8’ to further show that the bunny fits in the cube.

REQ9:
-Press ‘x’ to rotate the bunny in X direction
-Press ‘y’ to rotate the bunny in Y direction
-Press ‘z’ to rotate the bunny in Z direction
-Press ‘r’ to rotate the bunny in all directions.
-Press ‘q’ to reset the rotation of the bunny.
- press ‘n’ to show bunny in vertex rendering mode.
- press ‘m’ to show bunny in edge rendering mode.
- press ‘spacebar’ to show bunny in face rendering mode.

REQ10:
-press ‘c’ to show what I have done for requirement 10.
- then press ‘l’ once to add more complex lighting and shading.
